You gotta stick with this knees the assistant job forever
First day here and already seeing the works please bully not impressed
nice nose job
Shame surgeon messed up. It looks like a crooked carrot. How dare you?
You want to make a run for it or it's been late
Thank you
Thank you. Yeah, I want to see everything. You want to see this but I know this is my favorite
Unexpected choice. Usually you pick up flesher items
Changing in heart
My boss
Good morning. What is your name?
Thomas nice to meet you Thomas
This blue shadow is helpful
For my resistance equals. It's not creative. I sir
Okay
So my job is to remember all trends and cleanse champagne drinks. Yes
Lovely
An explicit choice
Usually you pick up flesher items
Changing in heart
Maybe
One second
Yes
Smaller gun
What's this?
All that they complicated it'd be a protection
Honestly
If we have that similar taste
You should have taken care of any stress
You
Are you in play?
Yeah, dear
This isn't a pathetic coincidence
Or it's just talking now
Why do you follow me everywhere?
Same stone fiancé dream
And a desperate copicatress
Okay, you're all live
Right
I mean
I need to stress in every color
Of course, you can have whatever you want baby
I know you're the best to me
I know you want to give me any treasure
On like this
Or a guy
Not only
I thought we were friends but
Calling me a poor guy
Friends
Charity case more like
You'll get back to the best of yours we're made for each other
Quali, low class
Friends
Charity case more like
You'll get back to the best of yours we're made for each other
Quali, low class
Not doing my fiancé
Seriously darling
This
It's not a place for your kind
Maybe cleaning
Films and I will tell
Those might match your budget
Thomas
Yes, sorry
I'm sorry
Mr. President
These clothes have been taken
Of the shelves
In accordance with your order
Take the care of the dress
And all much kindness to her
You got it Paul
President
Him
Please wait
That mistake
Is that the poor guy who's been like a senior at our wedding?
He can't afford it
Get rid of him
Let's get out of the scum now
Let's go
My VIP status means nothing
Don't take a moment
Give me a hug
Here we go
Thank you
I'm sorry
You must live
You need to live
Just come babe
Just come
The material
Is it called?
I'm not
I don't mind
Love of fear?
Really?
Stop thinking
Your little scandal
Cussed me money
Take the care of the dress
And all much kindness to her
Get rid
Company policies for everyone
Even you need to make a appointment
Again
Yeah
But I'm your fiancé
Okay
How long do you have attached me?
Maybe I look at hot room
Or will your place do
It's rain
Don't touch me ever again
Fine
Lean hard to get
Are we?
Okay
So this little thing
Will go out
From your life
With her fake carrier
Mr. President
Was this meeting about something urgent?
Wow
The star of show is here
I didn't expect that you're proud
To get you this far
Darling
But enjoy it
While it lasts
And
Recognize this
Summa here
From your little
letters and days
You're ready to pack your bags
Because we're a slatter
Coming right up
Along with your
designer
Darkpools
Mansion
Good dream
Take your dirt or haul
And when you
Well on streets
They can afford money
Remember
I
Maybe
Give you
A gun
I think of Oscar was the story
Since it will dove
After all to do
Maybe I'll be prepared for that fight
You're seeing most of it
But I'll get a fork means you turn
Right
You need to take it
Don't get your coat
Oh don't worry
You need to mind about
What's they catering
Jealousy
Make people always say crazy things
Don't worry
Those insults can't hurt my big ambitions
And
If my designs weren't good
Should I need to steal?
No, you shouldn't
Oh Mr. President
You parked down here
Late night
With the brains
I guess
How about you ladies?
Subway's a bad bit
Is it possible to be nice?
Leave the way, Shafar
Katarina and I wait for your call all night
Goddamn it Morgan
Ten billion because of you
I don't need your electors
I have no interest
In the stuff what you try to teach me
My life is my choice
My dreams
I worked
My big big have no worries
Nivers again
The airlines get it to me too
Sometimes
Oh
That's my apartment
Thanks
Leah
Are you all right?
Yeah
I'm with my boyfriend
He's closer
I'm gonna cash it up later
Okay
That's great
If you have some time you can come to me
I'm good
Don't care about me
I can't take care about myself
Sleep well
We'll ignite this
souvenir from your little
like your days
Friends
Charity kids more like
You don't have back to the best
The others were made for each other
How do you know?
I call you
Why aren't you applying to me?
I thought it's so buttery
I think you're hungry
Let's go to the restaurant
You choose
I have a better idea
Behold
Sarah
Budget grab
Behold cheese
Dipping from
Liver
Personally, as it may be
But try
I'll try it
Thanks good
Yes
For now, I understand
My headset's wild
Projects, ideas
This barn
It's a sugar rush
Okay
We do know coffee
And grace make my brain go around
Oh, I know you wonder that I will ruin your
Yes, image
It's not about image
It's about not fashion
Anything in life
Okay
So next time
I will buy a car smoothie
Don't like my supermodel talent
I'm not saying that I don't need a raise
But
It's not about food
Mostly a concentration
of the team
Creating a safe place
Without stress
Make a set
Don't play a superhero, okay?
I'm not
I just have apartment
Close here
And for you
It will be rent free
Rent free
That's can't be true
It's not just CEO generosity
What's the price?
Let's say image control
Of course
Exchange
Effect-fiance
Will run in two bits
So more fake stuff
Wasn't it just one night act?
Of course
Generacy
But won't an old scandalous place
Trust me
It's one less battle alone
And assume you to continue our partners
To your revenge plan
Okay
Be all my partner
Deal
But take your heels off
So it's a first longer inspection
Yes
Mm
Should I take care about this
Expensive self act
Which cost more than mine
I did not everything
To this place like your home
But I need to take shower first
What are you doing?
It
Were naked
I just put it in a close
And I call you
But you didn't answer
So I just carried out to you
Okay
You know it's really hot here
I think I should go and take a shower
Go slash temporary landlord
I'm not judging your bathroom ideas
But it told us
Really
It covers less than my coffee cup
It's a efficient apartment
Intimate to be towards now
Few options
Across
We can't take it
Am I dancing here from CAO
Secret lights
Ex-Morgans
Can I borrow your hair dry?
Is it in hot?
Not bad
It's not
But
So is there any other room?
Maybe a guest room
For now I'm just a little drunk
Self-waste a little bit cracking
Okay
What are we doing?
Just checking you
If I was okay
If you're comfortable
I want to say goodnight
Can I get off at the intersection before the company?
Of course
If you want to be company on time
The sneakers will help you run faster
Okay
I accept it
But I will return your money
Tomorrow is the weekend
I want to celebrate with a really big meal
After this hard week's work
Think about the fences place you can
Only the best for our team superstar, right?
Okay, I need to ask the president if their schedule is great
And then I will go
I have a quick question
Is the schedule for tomorrow, right?
Clear schedule
Your work is done
Thanks
Busman approach
Time to celebrate
I'm so hungry
Let's go
And what are you doing?
I don't know, I really
Yeah, that is amazing
It was so good
Yeah, it was so small
Yeah
I don't know what happened in this chair
Kitchen, but it was amazing
But I'm so tired
Guys, I'm gonna order over
See ya
Okay, bye
See you
And how you're going?
I'm going with bus
Bus
That doesn't really scream
In Michelin approach
Oh, really?
After party, yeah
That is the job
I have a car right there
Wait for me!
So, Mr. President, thank you again
For this most efficient, right chair operation
Truly beyond and above
I wonder if the community has returned to its ordinary state
You've heard the news
Back whatever you left
And not make it more complicated
I'm good at moving
I go with you
Oh god
That
That exceeds some
release regulations, I believe
Certainly changing your residence
is vital for safety's sake
Thanks guys
Nice pet dog
But put someone hand me a mob
before I break down his style
If you're a tyrant, just take a rest
You can help you with this mess
In a language
Come on
Let's go to a hotel together
And spend the night
Okay guys, it's Bobo, you chill
I just want to be alone for a while, okay?
No, it's so dangerous
Guys, it's really late
To go sleep and take a rest
So, see you tomorrow
Take a rest, take an app, see you tomorrow
I... give me a second
Give me a phone
This is my number
If ever for a problem, just call
I will give it a ride
To go now, I will say I'm
Be nervous
I was gonna be fine
Darling, trust me
I got my son
Go back
You don't know how much I miss
Hello, I'm Maria
Nice to meet you
So you are the famous plagiarist
Desperate of short way
My eyes burned
He's searching the accuracy in how home
Take this woman out
I don't want to see her
If she's staying, I stay
If you want to please her from the dinner
You get the opportunity
Otherwise
Are you dead?
Such disrespect
After you, that is my fiancé
I will not, if anyone, root her
Leo
Let's go
It's good
You said that you need a new designer draft for the fashion show
So, I have already started driving them
Did they receive a new satisfactory designs?
Jains, not seriously speaking
I have a very disciplined answer to him
I hope you surprise him
When I was working part time as a chef
I usually make some dishes
From the days, extras, ingredients
And then share it with everyone
Working part time is not something strange for most of people
Of course, the situation is less in the design major
But there's also people like me
Who needs to earn money to pay their tuition
But take it easy
Cheers
Cheers, but for what?
For me, working so hard to be in the design industry
We should celebrate
What do you want from me?
I have a lot of work
Work?
Are you kidding me?